Fortune and glory, kid. Fortune and glory.,
I think it’s time to ask yourself; what do you believe in?,
…Indiana Jones. I always knew someday you’d come walking back through my door. I never doubted that. Something made it inevitable.,
Professor of Archaeology, expert on the occult, and how does one say it… obtainer of rare antiquities.,
Throw me the idol; I’ll throw you the whip!,
You call this archaeology?,
Look at this. It’s worthless — ten dollars from a vendor in the street. But I take it, I bury it in the sand for a thousand years, it becomes priceless. Like the Ark.,
It’s not the years, honey. It’s the mileage.,
We have top men working on it now., …Who?, …Top… men.,
Snakes. Why would it have to be snakes?,
Asps. Very dangerous. …You go first.,
Please: sit down before you fall down.,
I suddenly remembered my Charlemagne. ‘Let your armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky…,
We named the dog Indiana., ...I’ve got a lot of fond memories… of that dog.,
Uh, what’s that supposed to be coming out of there?, …Lightning. Fire. The power of God or something.,
Trust me.,
You know how to fly, don’t you?, ...Unhhh, no. Do you?,
Choose wisely, for while the true Grail will bring you life, the false Grail will take it from you.,
He chose… poorly.,
Nothing surprises me; I’m a scientist.,
You know what a cautious fellow I am.,
I mean that for nearly three thousand years man has been searching for the lost Ark. It’s not something to be taken lightly. No one knows its secrets. It’s like nothing you’ve ever gone after before.,
You’re a professor?!  …Part-time.,
But in the Latin alphabet, ‘Jehovah’ begins with an I.,
It’s a leap of faith.,
You are oddly attired for a knight.,
Nazis. I hate these guys.,
You and I are very much alike. Archaeology is our religion, yet we have both fallen from the pure faith. Our methods have not differed as much as you pretend. I am but a shadowy reflection of you. It would take only a nudge to make you like me. To push you out of the light.,
Now you’re getting nasty.,
You’re meddling with powers you can’t possibly comprehend.,
You want to talk to God? Let’s go see him together, I’ve got nothing better to do.,
And what did you find? …Me? Illumination.,
Truck? What truck?,
Dad; we’re well out of range.,
There! ‘X’ marks the spot!    ‘X’ never, ever marks the spot.,
Sallah, I said no camels. That’s five camels. …Can’t you count?!,
Again, we see there is nothing you can possess which I can’t take away.,
It’s a long story. Better hurry up or you won’t get to hear it!,
You are in a position unsuitable to give orders.,
That belongs in a museum!  …So do you.,
You lost today, kid. But that doesn’t mean you have to like it.,
What a fitting end to your life’s pursuits. You’re about to become a permanent addition to this archaeological find. Who knows? In a thousand years, even you may be worth something.,
I can only say ‘I’m sorry’ so many times! …Well, say it again anyway. …Sorry.,
Do you realize what the Ark is? It’s a transmitter… for speaking to God.,
Indiana, we are simply passing through history. This… this is history.,
You’re gonna get killed chasing after your damn ‘fortune and glory’!  …Maybe. But not today.